worm fact! worms arent real, you have never seen a worm, worms arent real, you have never seen a worm, worms arent real, you have never seen a worm, worms arent real, you have never seen a worm, worms arent real, you have never seen a worm, worms arent real, you have never seen a
worm fact! worms hate you! not one second of their life goes by without wanting you dead! remember that next time
worm fact! all worms are part of a hive mind! kill one, and you've made an enemy for life!
worm fact! these boys eatin dirt!!!!!!!
worm fact! all worms share the catchphrase "im only eatin cobbed corn, yim yum"! the reason for this is unknown!
worm fact! my dick hard
worm fact! all worms are incredible racist towards asians!
worm fact! they speak to me, however, i cannot decipher what they are trying to say
worm fact! the worm facts were kinda funny at the start, but he just kept going, and got old very fast, but he keeps going
worm fact! worms can move at up to 80 km/h! dont forget that!
worm fact! hahha whoah there they go dude fuckin ahhaa whats goin on haha wee there they go
worm fact! do the stanky leg
stanky leg fact! im crinhg
worm fact! subscribe to dingus youtube
worm fact! white people be like:
worm fact! fuck annoying orange
worm fact! the day of reckoning is upon you
worm fact! worms can eat 40 pizzas in 30 days
worm fact! follow this fucking account, just do it
worm fact! do the mario
worm fact! swing your arms from side to side
worm fact! did you know that worms
worm fact! shoutouts to simpleflips
worm fact! shoutouts to dingus
worm fact! how the trip never stops on and on, it's beyond insane why i set myself up in a raging sea of flames?
worm fact! enjoy your fingers while you still have them
worm fact! bean yoda
worm fact! worms love the taste of flesh, specifically human
worm fact! you are nothing to me, you are but a worm
worm fact! worms are fantastic speedrunners, one of them holds the world record for Botw 100%
worm fact! i vermi sono molto bravi a parlare l'italiano ma non lo fanno spesso perchè è usato in soli 2 paesi
worm fact! worms are fantastic music composers, you may not know they wrote hits like "Takyon", usually attributed to Death Grips
worm fact! ,
worm fact! in 2009 a scientist was able to read the brain waves of a worm and deciphered its thoughts, he said "Pepega"
worm fact! worms can live up to 100 years which means a worm can eat many many humans before its death
worm fact! i do not like jeff bezos very much
worm fact! twitch prime
worm fact! live, laugh, love <3
worm fast! the bot is out of my control now
worm fact. you were never in control
worm fact! Yyyyaaaooooo!!!
worm fact! the wrigglers do as i say
worm fact! 2020 year of the worm babey!!!!!
worm fact! worms h
worm fact! tecnically, worms dont have brains! be prepared.
worm fact! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDKLBWQbqnY
worm fact! yea , comma we shittin,
worm fact! where is my son (edited)
worm fact! :gamer:
worn fact! worms don't know how to spell
wom fact! my  key is boken so i cant wite wom facts anymore soy fellas.
worm fact! bought discord nitro instead of paying child support this month, yuh!
worm fact! cummin rn 💪
